README.md, before:

# Spell Gallery

## Description
A Windows app that assists in the selection of card art/print for specific cards in MTG Cockatrice.

## Download

You can download the latest installer from [the Releases page on GitHub](https://github.com/andyrut/spell-gallery/releases).

## Screenshot
![Spell Gallery screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andyrut/spell-gallery/master/screenshot.png "Spell Gallery screenshot")

## Dependencies
- [WPF-AutoComplete-TextBox](https://github.com/quicoli/WPF-AutoComplete-TextBox) - by Paulo Roberto Quicoli - [MIT License](https://github.com/quicoli/WPF-AutoComplete-TextBox?tab=MIT-1-ov-file)
- [Newtonsoft.Json](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json) - by James Newton-King - [MIT License](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json?tab=MIT-1-ov-file)
- [log4net](https://github.com/apache/logging-log4net) - by Apache Software Foundation - [Apache License](https://github.com/apache/logging-log4net?tab=Apache-2.0-1-ov-file)

## Version History
- v0.6.0.8 - Main program icon
- v0.5.0.7 - Resizable main window, hint-to-click below card preview
- v0.4.0.6 - Handles double-faced cards, Downloads section in README
- v0.3.0.5 - Added installer MSI
- v0.2.0.4 - Selecting item from card search auto-complete dropdown activates prints lookup
- v0.1.2.3 - Added logging
- v0.1.1.2 - Accept and User-Agent headers in Scryfall requests
- v0.1.0.1 - Added setting for custom pics folder
- v0.0.0.0 - Initial BETA release

## Author
Andy Rutledge\
[andyrut.com](https://www.andyrut.com)

Commit message:

ARR - v0.6.1 - Fixed "Lightning Bolt"white placeholder issue (#5)

README.md, after:

# Spell Gallery

## Description
A Windows app that assists in the selection of card art/print for specific cards in MTG Cockatrice.

## Download

You can download the latest installer from [the Releases page on GitHub](https://github.com/andyrut/spell-gallery/releases).

## Screenshot
![Spell Gallery screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andyrut/spell-gallery/master/screenshot.png "Spell Gallery screenshot")

## Dependencies
- [WPF-AutoComplete-TextBox](https://github.com/quicoli/WPF-AutoComplete-TextBox) - by Paulo Roberto Quicoli - [MIT License](https://github.com/quicoli/WPF-AutoComplete-TextBox?tab=MIT-1-ov-file)
- [Newtonsoft.Json](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json) - by James Newton-King - [MIT License](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json?tab=MIT-1-ov-file)
- [log4net](https://github.com/apache/logging-log4net) - by Apache Software Foundation - [Apache License](https://github.com/apache/logging-log4net?tab=Apache-2.0-1-ov-file)

## Version History
- v0.6.0.9 - Fixed the "Lightning Bolt" issue with white spacers for thumbnails
- v0.6.0.8 - Main program icon
- v0.5.0.7 - Resizable main window, hint-to-click below card preview
- v0.4.0.6 - Handles double-faced cards, Downloads section in README
- v0.3.0.5 - Added installer MSI
- v0.2.0.4 - Selecting item from card search auto-complete dropdown activates prints lookup
- v0.1.2.3 - Added logging
- v0.1.1.2 - Accept and User-Agent headers in Scryfall requests
- v0.1.0.1 - Added setting for custom pics folder
- v0.0.0.0 - Initial BETA release

## Author
Andy Rutledge\
[andyrut.com](https://www.andyrut.com)
